Introduce::
As you know already my name is Ali Raza.
I have completed BS software Engineering with cgpa of 3.1.
I have around 2.5 years of professioal experience development and i even done some freelancing before that for about i guess 5-6 months.
Currently i am working in convo as Software engineer - Frontend. I am currently working on calling app for convo like google meets.
I firmly believe in writing clean code, implementing logics, making UI designs/user experience, code optimizations, improving code structure.

Hows your day:
Alhuldullah, Its going great so far.

How are you:
Alhuldullah, I'm good, thanks for asking.


Tech Stack::
    Language => Javascript, Typescript, HTML5/CSS3.
    Frameworks => React, Next(SEO time and complete solution).
    Design systems => MUI, Tailwind.
    State management => Redux, zustand + context api.
    build pack => webpack and grunt. monorepo => turborepo.
    Libraries => React Query, Framer motion.

Why leaving::
     My current company is going in maintainance mode means we will not be releasing new features insted working on current improvements/bug fixes.
     I know i will get comfortable so i dont think i will enjoy working in maintainance mode. Plus convo currently have Wordpress projects. 

Working::
     Agile/Scurm.
     2 weeks sprints.
     story points features at start of sprint.

Code reviews::
     Yes, firstly new dev branch is made for every feature/bug by every developer1. When code merged pr is created and reviewed by Team Lead.

conclude:
I am excited to be a part of a team where I can continue to learn and grow as a developer while contributing to the success of the projects I work on.

Work Compnies:
1. Quellxcode: intern, worked on quellxcode.com using ReactJS.
2. Markloops: dha2 isb,
     a. Converted design files including Figma, XD, and PDF, to HTML/CSS. Web Designer.
     c. Created custom shopify theme as per requirement of our organization. saved hell about of time for shopify. Inspired by Impulse(paid).
     b. Worked as MERN stack pplicaitons. one app like mixure of reddit and medium named famedoes. secondly i worked on app named dialboxx.pk coordinated with client to create complete UI/UX.
3. Septem systems: jail road, Lahore, (VueJS, NUXT-JS)
     a. worked on 2 apps one KPK procution system(Vue/Laravel) and second AudioPlaygound(app like soundcluod, NuxtJS).
4. Convo: 1-10/3 isb, ReactJS, AngularJS(1.6), NextJS.
     a. I worked on convo app as well as with conov clinets link Zoovu, Ziphomes and Insure123.
     b. Started with TEPS(paksitan online table test for medical) admin dashboard.
     c. Worked on convo multiple features. (Unified Chat, Forward Chat, File Out Of Note, Calling) and bug fixing.
     b. Worked with zoovu for their internal design system like MUI.
     e. Worked With admin panel integration for ziphomes as well as making apis for backend.(Node, Sequlize)
     f. Currently working on Quotation Management system for insure123 client.

Project:: (role, tech, features)
My farioute one is Audio Playgound. It was like copy of sound-cloud with some social features. payment, subscrition.
Agile/Scurm.
story points features at start of sprint.

Strengths:
I am agile. I can quicly learn new things/concepts.

weeknesses: 
I get bored if going same/non-logical work for long period of time. 

Handle pressure:
I am engineer. I numbers/probability guy.By evaluating the available options and their pros and cons. I go with most resonable option.
But sometime this don't work sometime you might have to listen to your heart after all this ability makes us human.

